If your rough stone
Can offer a higher quality than mine?
I will not only not charge you for the fee.
I'll give you 1 million bet
If you lose
Completely disappear from the evening side
Stop pestering
Good food, Xiao Gu
Take these two rough stones and open them together, Mr. Hua.
This Chen He is so funny
Do you dare to hate you?
He doesn't pee and take pictures of himself
What kind of virtue do you say you are?
Hahahaha
A lowly man floated
Occasionally contact the daughter puppy of a rich family
I feel like my life has reached its peak
A live jumping beam clown, hahaha.
Why is he
Chen Hao Caiyun has been immersed in casinos for many years
Spicy eyes
You better not gamble, mom
A self-righteous man like this
I suggest you return it as soon as possible.
Before he becomes a joke himself
You also follow the face
Mr. Huahua, the rough stone you picked has opened.
The texture is excellent.
So excellent
And emerald green flowers
This looks like high-quality jadeite.
Shit
You really deserve the title of Queen of Gamblers.
These idiots
I really don't know what to do.
Hurry up and take the opportunity to escape
Hahaha
In order to wait for a while to open the pile and waste it, it will be embarrassing
kid
I'll give you myself if you give up now
I can still leave you some wins and losses.
Familiar
You haven't decided yet, Mr. Ba
What are you screaming about?
His original
What happened to him?
Are you so hesitant that you can't even speak?